{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}{\f1 Consolas;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs32 Haven \u38? Home Website: HTML5 Structure Report\b0\fs22\par
\pard\sa120\sl240\slmult1\fs22 Prepared for lecturer review\par
\par
\b 1) Purpose of this document\b0\par
This report explains the HTML5 structure used in the Haven \u38? Home website and describes how semantic elements are applied across the pages.\par
\par
\b 2) Core HTML5 structure used on the website\b0\par
Each page follows the same semantic HTML5 layout pattern:\par
\par
\f1\fs20 <!DOCTYPE html>\par
<html lang="en">\par
  <head>\par
    <meta charset="utf-8" />\par
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />\par
    <title>Page Title</title>\par
    <meta name="description" content="Page-specific description" />\par
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="./styles.css" />\par
  </head>\par
  <body>\par
    <header> ... brand + primary navigation ... </header>\par
    <main>\par
      <section> ... page-specific content ... </section>\par
    </main>\par
    <footer> ... contact + studio information ... </footer>\par
    <script src="./app.js" defer></script>\par
  </body>\par
</html>\par
\f0\fs22\par
\b 3) Description of the HTML5 semantic elements\b0\par
\b <!DOCTYPE html>\b0  Declares HTML5 and ensures modern browser rendering.\par
\b <html lang="en">\b0  Root element; language attribute improves accessibility and SEO.\par
\b <head>\b0  Contains metadata: charset, responsive viewport, title, description, and linked CSS.\par
\b <body>\b0  Contains all visible user interface content.\par
\b <header>\b0  Top navigation area with brand identity and links to main pages.\par
\b <nav>\b0  Primary navigation block with links to About, Project, Shop, Contact, and Feedback.\par
\b <main>\b0  Main content container for the unique content of each page.\par
\b <section>\b0  Semantic grouping of related page content (hero, projects, forms, etc.).\par
\b <article>\b0  Used for repeatable standalone items (project cards and product cards).\par
\b <form>\b0  Used for structured user input on Contact and Feedback pages.\par
\b <footer>\b0  Bottom information area (email, opening hours, brand statement).\par
\b <script defer>\b0  Loads JavaScript without blocking page rendering.\par
\par
\b 4) Shared site structure across all pages\b0\par
The following design pattern is reused across the multi-page website:\par
\pard\li360\sa80\tx360\fs22
\bullet\tab Consistent header and navigation for usability and orientation.\par
\bullet\tab Shared stylesheet (\f1 styles.css\f0) for visual consistency.\par
\bullet\tab Shared JavaScript file (\f1 app.js\f0) for behavior and interactions.\par
\bullet\tab Repeated footer content for brand consistency and quick contact reference.\par
\pard\li0\sa120\tx0\fs22
\par
\b 5) Page-by-page structural description\b0\par
\b Home page (\f1 home.html\f0)\b0\par
Uses a hero-focused \f1 <section>\f0  inside \f1 <main>\f0 , with a slideshow image area, introductory text, and call-to-action buttons that route users to Projects and Shop.\par
\par
\b About page (\f1 about.html\f0)\b0\par
Uses a single semantic \f1 <section>\f0  containing a heading block, process cards (Discover, Design, Source, Install), and a supporting image to present studio identity and workflow.\par
\par
\b Project page (\f1 design.html\f0)\b0\par
Uses \f1 <section>\f0  with multiple \f1 <article>\f0  cards to showcase portfolio items. Each card includes image, title, and descriptive text.\par
\par
\b Shop page (\f1 shop.html\f0)\b0\par
Uses \f1 <section>\f0  with product \f1 <article>\f0  cards. Each article contains media, product name, short description, and price grouping.\par
\par
\b Contact page (\f1 contact.html\f0)\b0\par
Contains a semantic \f1 <form>\f0  split into two layout columns. Inputs include name, email, project type, and message. Includes an embedded map iframe and a hidden confirmation message region.\par
\par
\b Feedback page (\f1 feedback.html\f0)\b0\par
Contains a feedback \f1 <form>\f0  with name and message fields, a submit button, hidden thank-you message, and a route/service information panel with map embed.\par
\par
\b 6) Note on index page (\f1 index.html\f0)\b0\par
The \f1 index.html\f0  file includes a JavaScript redirect to \f1 home.html\f0 . This preserves compatibility for visitors entering through the root page while keeping \f1 home.html\f0  as the dedicated landing page.\par
\par
\b 7) HTML5 quality observations\b0\par
\pard\li360\sa80\tx360\fs22
\bullet\tab Correct HTML5 declaration and language tagging are present.\par
\bullet\tab Semantic containers (\f1 header/main/section/article/footer\f0) are used appropriately.\par
\bullet\tab Accessibility support is present in several areas (e.g., \f1 aria-label\f0  on navigation and media groups).\par
\bullet\tab Forms include clear labels and required attributes on key fields.\par
\pard\li0\sa120\tx0\fs22
\par
\b End of report\b0\par
}
